hi everyone so I'm going to be doing a
package opening today and in the future
maybe in a few days i'll be uploading
another video doing a giveaway on one of
the pencil cases from cool pencil case
if you can see that right there and i'm
super excited because I've worked with
cool pencil case a few times now I
believe the first time was in December
and second time was actually like a
month ago and this is my third I think
review so I'm just gonna open this box
and show you the contents ugly inside
and if you haven't checked out cool
pencil case already i'm going to put the
link down below they have so many
different DIY can essentially eraser
kids which are perfect for you know
school supplies and just kind of cute
afya your life event and they have a
bunch of pencil cases to behave in see
they even have League of Legends
complicated I just found that out and
you know definitely just check out all
the Pentagon but oh my gosh okay so i
just opened the box and as always
perfect there's tissue paper and i
believe there's one there's two pencil
hate sitting here oh my gosh i'm still
excited alright so i was told that they
just got new pencil cases
and I'm debuting it to you guys because
you guys are amazing and sometimes okays
loves you so um oh my gosh so I actually
told them how adorable the a Picasso
pencil cases were and they sent me one
look how adorable this is oh my goodness
and there's a zipper on the side it's
huge by the way so I'm going to try to
open this and show you guys my gosh guys
this is so soft oh my gosh so they
actually ran out of a lot of the colors
if they used to have so the used to have
green purple pink yellow and I think
they're only left with white and a
winking white also and possibly another
color but anyways I'll put that all down
the description box but this thing is
ginormous and I know that my good friend
Lily also got a pencil case recently
from
and look how amazing that is
and one tried to put so here is a
regular sized pencil on sharpen and it
fits snugly inside I think even my cell
phone would fit in but I'm using it to
film right now so that's the first one
and also come to perform order check out
just to show you guys enjoy obviously
this thing is adorable you guys have to
check it out and there's a limited
supply left because this was in such
high demand but this is not the only
publication I wanna show you guys today
their debut ting a new series of pencil
cases and they are this adorable sushi
replicated so this is the 1 i'm going to
show you and you guys may have seen this
already I'm crafters to lunch channel
and this is like a duo pencil case I
actually don't know the price of it yet
but when I find out it will be on the
screen somewhere and there's this very
adorable tagged as you can see and it
pretty much shows you that it can be
switched between the white and the red
and just things i could talk is blank so
i suppose we wanted to get this someone
you can write your little note inside
but wow ok so first i want to show you
the inside of these kinds of eight staff
we have foam or cardboard so that you
know you're perfectly seasoned
flattening out and i'm going to
here it fell through together it's
actually together with this little piece
of plastic as well so I'm going to cut
that off so you guys can see the pencil
cases a little better so for the first
one here is the fish part of the sushi
CH and again super large pen so I'm
going to put like my little sculpey tool
in front of it you can see that it fits
very very nicely so here is a regular
unsharpened pencil again it fits it
seems the fit very nice name we're just
going to put that inside you can see a
lot of room and then on the inside on my
gosh is another fish or another strip
that you put on top of the sushi and
this is what it looks like you can close
it up so it looks like pretty much
you're getting three different pencil
cases because you can flip this inside
out sorry about that and you know I
would personally probably use the white
on the outside just so your pen marks
for pencil mark stone at the White dirty
but it's also very very soft and you can
definitely put this in the washing
machine I would believe where you might
want to hand wash it so that the velcro
stays out Brody and but this is pretty
much what it looks like I think this is
super amazing the velcro it's actually
very soft it's not rough and this is
super soft oh my good
now we'll show you the white one as well
which is the rice version this one is
more I think carpeting so as you can see
it's more bumpy and it has this oh my
gosh i has an adorable little fish tag
on it and i'll have close up on it later
but this is adorable and the inside
again there is some styrofoam block is
actually three styrofoam block
this is ginormous I feel like you could
use this one for like a pencil case and
then if you wanted to use this as like a
makeup bag so that you have this duel
functionality so this is really amazing
and just cute that looks together this
side you got your sushi and then this
side you got your compartment so this is
absolutely amazing cool pencil case is
amazing because they usually give you an
estimate of how many pens / pencils you
can put in the pencil cases actually the
first time I checked out the website
that's what I used i use the fact that
they had this smells okay could fit a
hundred which you know I don't know any
person who would carry around 100
pencils but it definitely gave me a
vision of what I could put inside so for
example I probably would use this for my
makeup or my cell phone IDs money
possibly so definitely definitely check
out this pencil case if you guys have
any questions leave them in the down box
below use to punch of cases are to die
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and yep
don't forget your Apple pencil case as
well I will also put a video out next
few days of a giveaway that we're going
to be doing and the giveaway is super
super ad so look out for that it's all
we're going to come up very very soon
thank you guys so much for watching and
I'll talk to you later bye